There isn't a rule. You just practice and find out which way works best for you. No pressure. Just relax and watch it happen. I will take some magic white, 
and a little bit of Vandyke brown and a little touch of yellow. You don't want to kill all your dark areas they are very important. This is probably the 
greatest thing that's ever happened in my life.

Everyone is going to see things differently - and that's the way it should be. It just happens - whether or not you worried about it or tried to plan it. 
La- da- da- da- dah. Just be happy. We have all at one time or another mixed some mud.

We don't have to be concerned about it. We just have to let it fall where it will. Be so very light. Be a gentle whisper. If you didn't have baby clouds, 
you wouldn't have big clouds. I started painting as a hobby when I was little. I didn't know I had any talent. I believe talent is just a pursued interest. 
Anybody can do what I do. Have fun with it. From all of us here, I want to wish you happy painting and God bless, my friends.

Put it in, leave it alone. If you've been in Alaska less than a year you're a Cheechako. You can do it. A tree needs to be your friend if you're going to 
paint him. Trees grow however makes them happy.

You need the dark in order to show the light. With practice comes confidence. That's why I paint - because I can create the kind of world I want - and I 
can make this world as happy as I want it. Let's go up in here, and start having some fun We'll put all the little clouds in and let them dance around and 
have fun. In this world, everything can be happy.

We'll throw some old gray clouds in here just sneaking around and having fun. Maybe we got a few little happy bushes here, just covered with snow. It looks 
so good, I might as well not stop. We're trying to teach you a technique here and how to use it. I'm going to mix up a little color. We’ll use Van Dyke Brown, 
Permanent Red, and a little bit of Prussian Blue. Everybody needs a friend.

Trees get lonely too, so we'll give him a little friend. Take your time. Speed will come later. Maybe there's a happy little bush that lives right there. 
Don't hurry. Take your time and enjoy.

